Those details are posted to take the
place well. I'm wondering.
That's the bulk activity you do at the
end of the day in ServiceNow,
but they've been reviewed, you know,
reviews reviewed, close complete. Yeah,
it's and share.
We would have been boxes been called
scheduled requests and almost someone
almost acts as a reminder.
And that's to remind us to do these peer
cheques at end of each day and we
statements and reports and all that into
those those tickets.
One thing in dashboards you could have
this sort of thing that it's an end of
day activity that requires the bulk peer
reviewed.
You know they can check and they can go
through the cases.
And not one by one,
but you can select them all and say
they've been peer reviewed, approved.
That's a potential possibility.
And off the back of that request,
that's another audit trail that's
available to you. Yeah.
That would work if if we have that
sitting in our dashboard,
is it possible for service now to
identify what requests have come through
on the day that are relative relating to
trust receipts?
So if we've got an overall category of
trust receipts?
Or incoming funds.
Is it possible that they can then be tied
to a reminder so that we can open up this
reminder to like to do the PHX?
We've already got all that ServiceNow
paperwork ready to go of all of the funds
that should have been.
Proceeded.
So we've got that pre populated and we
can just run our report in 3A and that's
our 2 reports that we're sense checking.
Yes, certainly. I mean you can do that.
I mean, I don't know,
it's your reminder that you go to your
dashboards at the end of the day,
see those trust fund categories and it
could be that over time you don't need
these reminders because your habit is
habit forming that you know that you're
always going to the dashboard.
But in the first instance.
You could have that reminder say do the
following on the trust on the trust. Yeah,
yeah. If we have that reminder, like,
you can open that up and say, OK, well,
then there's the 10 cases that will come
through today. That's trust receipts.
These are what the cases are.
So I've got my workflow already in
service now.
I can just print that off and then then
I've got my three report and that's what
I'm checking against. Yeah. Yeah.
I can't think about it visually that that
you're double checking them. OK. Yeah,
that's good. 'cause. Otherwise I'll be.
We kind of tie those up with the
transaction. It's from food accounts.
It's not just receipts,
it's payments out as well.
So it's kind of it's an Excel, you know,
formulas built on an Excel sheet that we
just populate figures into, but.
We could adapt to the peer cheques done
maybe when the receipts posted,
because I don't know if you do the sign
up,
but we someone posted a seat and then
someone else.
The team will work at the end of the day
and make sure it's posted to the correct
matter in case of a typo and a matter
number or something. But.
That's always done at the end of day,
but maybe as soon as a person's supposed
to receipt,
they could see who's available to peer
check just goes into their queue at that
given moment rather than the end of day,
so you don't have this peak at the end of
the day. Could be as it happens,
if there's still balance at the end of
day, make sure of presented properly,
but the peer cheques have already been.
I'm just thinking that's the workflow
state that you've got that approval that
it's been live checked and you're not
bound by the end of it,
that you could do it as and when. Yeah,
I'm building on that workflow.
It could just populate into someone's
assigned tasks so that if they have time
now, they can do it.
If they have time in 10 minutes,
there might be true available.
If they only have time at the end of the
day.
We can leave it to the end of the day.
That is what we're proposing for all life
cheques across the ask teams that will
use that approval workflow.
So if it works to not do it as a bulk of
the end,
it can be attached to the individual
cases and done that way at a time when
it's due.
I think it would probably be worth
sharing what that bulk process looks like
just now,
so really you're taking the report and
share well from what are you checking it
against because it might be that there's
automation that means they potentially do
maybe not day one,
but it's something that we can look at in
the future.
It's not a report to take from share well.
There was basically just a reminder to.
So what's we take from the bank?
This is basically what you said to you.
It's a spreadsheet that we've got where
you take a report from three.
We take a bank statement from the bank
and we OK if it's worth changing anyway,
I'm sure what that looks like. Yeah, cool.
It's outside of service now,
but you're reminding yourself to take.
Yeah.
The transactions in three match
everything we've got coming in.
So that only isn't the Diaries that mean
that conflicts and shareware was all that
on the dashboards,
be your effectively your dashboards
replacing your e-mail and your Diaries
you know is your go to place and your
allowance.
Thank you. That's so yeah. Peer review.
You're in bulk or individually unassigned
to so they can, you know, be like,
why didn't you tell me?
I was doing one of those earlier at the
same time rather than the end of the day
or rushing out the door or something,
you know? Yes, I can.
I can certainly contract. That's good.
None.
Marwan's got his hand up. Debra,
if you didn't see.
Yeah, we can't see. Sorry. Sorry.
Good morning.
No, no worries. I fig. I figured that,
which is what I was calling it out.
No, no, no, no worries.
Go ahead, mine.
Thank you.
Thank. Thank you very much.
I didn't want to interrupt Deborah's flow.
I know how annoying that is when you're
in the middle of a workshop just in
It.
regards to,
it's a really simple kind of
functionality,
but I know ServiceNow has e-mail triggers
and we can route those based on states.
Even if e-mail was kind of moved away
from being kind of your updates and
approvals and all that and we're still
centralising in service now to ease the
change management aspect,
we probably could include kind of e-mail
triggers and e-mail notifications and
structuring those in order to help kind
of.
Transition between e-mail and ServiceNow.
I don't know if that's a function that's
worth picking up as part of this.
Yeah, I mean, obviously thanks, Mom.
And for that, that's helpful.
I think you know probably is you know
that will come from the change management
perspective of getting used to using
ServiceNow, the request before,
but it's a whole bigger piece anyway of
transitioning from that reliance on
e-mail. I love my e-mail.
Mailbox. I can read my e-mail box offline,
whatever it is. It's transitioning to.
This is our new ways of working,
so it's probably a conversation across
the whole board,
but we having that trust in the
notifications on your dashboards,
you can go through it,
your employee portal,
everyone's being kept kept up to date.
Through this new mechanism,
all the way forward,
you know that transition piece,
very nice of you,
but probably actually to show a good
visual of attack,
which shows if you want to receive the
dashboard to give you that confidence.
But this is what it looks like.
And they can be, you know, nice pictorial.
You can get it by chance, Ross, etcetera.
And you can drill down.
The nice thing back there with now is
that, oh gosh,
I've got 7 in my queue and you can just
click on it and open for you.
It's all there for you to see.
Whereas in e-mail you'll probably have to
transition. OK. I can see that.
Then I go in one by one.
But we could share that to you.
But thanks Marwin for the.
That that in three years absolutely for
the as you change.
No worries.
That's good.
Are we landing on before we have a great
Ledger account or is that a whole in
itself, a wondering movie?
What this one is,
is that part of the check?
I'm just going to just we need to start
for lunch. A half, 12 today I think. Oh,
OK. A lunch. I'm just thinking.
It might be good to just stay is a good
time for a break. Yeah.
If I've got 5 calls with a quick.
All right in measurement.
When?
That's like with a large station 5 lbs.
Oh, yeah, 10 minutes. 5 past.
When do you want?
When do you want us back, Josh?
Yeah. Perfect.
That's probably the one.
All right. Yeah. Thank you. See,
you're back here.
Time is flying to get in when you when
you get into it, isn't.
How many were processes on the 25?
Is that what I guess that's what it says
down there? Yeah. I mean,
a lot of them are relating to this as we
said.
We've gone. I just, I think good.
We've done the third. Oh, OK. He's hoping.
I'm just asking,
just like you've done 2125 up to 71,
right. Even that's pretty good thing.
Yeah. You still make it. Look,
whatever we're talking about.
And I'm sitting going,
are you still talking with the same? Yeah.
It's a big gym. It's a big gym. Yeah,
last night.
10%.
A server afraid and in our head we've got
in. So it's a lot of receipts. OK,
but this is what we're spending the time
on. But it's there.
I'm taking off in my mind that it's a new
transfer. It's an audit, it's query,
you know that.
So it doesn't how we sound some of it's.
And that's some admin.
It's a little bit simpler things than for
this.
That's good. That was perfect. Yeah. No,
no, it's perfect. Yeah. Great.
What do you want to tackle next?
Ledger statements, a part of the?
Assuming that's a quickish 1 might be a
big assumption.
Part of this Ledger statement.
Good question.
Yeah.
Only about an individual matter.
I mean probably that's that's the lecture.
So what happens is something that's a
quite each rest of those are just so we
can see this one through either an
individual matter and what matters they
can get a different level,
not essentially.
I just might ask the lawyer,
can I got the the venture if there's
access to the oh,
it's just a piece of that. OK,
let the question do you got next week
related?
England calls it client, so then sorry,
England and Wales,
Scotland to get somebody. Yeah.
Trust trust. So both of them for me.
I don't know. I don't know.
Scottish shows that English. Yeah,
so we remind it.
Client and trust percentage was a client.
I don't see why you guys want client
slash trust that mean that's that's
that's been a big point.
People have people like sort of have an
opportunity and they'll be like, oh,
there's nothing there.
I'm looking for trust and it's not there
and you know.
It's people are going to use the
terminology that used to probably
actually remind me just to talk about
global.
Is there anything no build an example one.
But it was just the high level case
management.
I would have liked to build out this this
workspace a bit more,
but it's pretty basic.
Hope you run assembly. Do you wanna match?
Yeah, yeah. No, no.
You survive though.
Yeah.
Complete.
That has to.
We have.
We don't. We have lunch or we don't.
We don't have a bit longer.
Yeah, personally it doesn't work.
Actually, all. All right. Fine evening.
It won't go on charge.
Oh, was that now? Oh, I'm so sorry. Hi.
I don't expect you to run off.
I thought the gentleman.
I thought the gentleman took them and he
didn't take them. They worked from church.
What we take to the method?
It's like next door.
It's called absolute roster. Yeah.
It's. I feel it's a bit of a strike.
Copy is not secure. It there in mind.
I was wondering if you can use some
portion. Yeah, but that one's a good play.
It's like there's a little puff thing
that's next to it.
It's like they it's like just the it's
not a wall in the hole,
but they don't have ceilings.
If they have those traffic pains,
I don't think isn't so the place space
are amazing.
In Glasgow, if you call,
someone absolutely needs to call you,
call someone an absolute.
We're still in Scotland. We need to call.
Right. The name.
You can get fancy ones that have a little
bit of cheese and cream in the middle,
so you like kind of cut it off like a bit,
but it's. Yeah, it's more sponge.
It's like it's a very subjective thing
and I'm obviously in the great stuff.
Yeah, I think we're winning. Not coffee.
We're not winning. Yeah, I wouldn't.
It's in the money scenario. It's a very.
Here, here lies. Here lies the here lies.
Here lies the fundamental disappointment
of being remote. I can see this.
I can see the food on the table.
I can hear the conversation.
I can't get any of it.
Sorry,
I'll have some coffee delivered to me
next time.
It's alright. My waistline. Oh, thank you.
Yeah.
Although I've seen some of the branches
that you haven't shared. Yes,
Barton is a bit of a view of of the.
Of the dashboard,
it's all all configurable.
You can have a click around if you want,
but sure you'd be interested to look what
you can do.
We've only got one example in here,
but we can put all the important,
all the important things you want there.
And we can pop reminders in it's when you
drill into the the case,
you can have your private work notes,
anything you want to share with the
customer.
That means just people will find our team.
Yeah. And then on the the client side,
they'll see.
Lists are their requests example ones,
but you can see that kind of state of
everything and conversation back and
forth with you and that strong from there.
The customer side of things is.
Because we've just been talking about
receipts as we've saved a few months to
minimise the money,
still we're chasing them.
Sometimes it will actually it's all
failed through but no net action was.
Yeah. When we want to close that off.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So that's going to be.
Yeah,
we can send task to them if we get to
send an e-mail three months prior then.
Yeah, yeah, it's cool.
As long as we know that, I mean, you know,
these modern systems pretty much
anything's possible to a degree.
So as long as we know what to do to help,
we can build him pretty confident.
And yeah,
so have a click around of some some of
the time, if you want,
you can actually create your own.
Setups in ServiceNow don't need to be a
partner or anything like that.
If you were,
if if you're so technology inclined,
not sure if you're wrong,
you want any younger guys.
7.
It's the best we have is like Perry Perry.
Yeah.
That's like.
Like, how does cheap?
It's like it's like just flavouring that
even I knew that it wasn't me.
All my right. It's OK.
So sending Brisbane and.
Yeah.
In our office in London.
People wouldn't remember, like,
don't just be like, that's not that.
That's the. Sorry. Yeah, I just realised.
Yeah, I was like.
OK.
The first thing that your body should do.
When I came.
That's fun.
Yeah, it's key. But no, we probably,
I mean in last month you you clear on
ledgers then already no,
I just want to pass.
Oh, OK. Yeah. And then,
do you know what you want to do next?
Yeah.
You want to say there's the basic things
for the end. Hopefully,
general query is just following on the
back of that. Yeah. Yeah.
Your office management one.
Maybe taken up. I'll see you in the.
So it's called fun. Yeah,
maybe take out the word cashew.
And that's terribly wrong in itself.
Sorry for mine. Sorry.
OK.
23456789 and 12.
It's only 11 + 25 half done by lunch.
Yeah,
and the other like general query system
admin. It should be basic things.
Quite good. Yeah, great.
Got managed payment. Yeah. Oh, yes.
That'll be an interesting one because
you've got to tie them into.
The other essentially, yeah,
we just got through it.
What papers is it what it's going to be
called? Is it office?
Did you just say office?
And also just said I'll remember in a
minute,
not talking about trust versus client.
No talking about office versus office
versus firm.
These are these are separate ones.
It's a different account. Yeah,
it's what I thought.
But became it's not clearer.
This one to me. I don't know about.
You're clear on the other ones,
but this one's a lot clearer to me.
That's a lot clearer to you.
Yeah, but yeah, don't know why.
Probably, yeah. It got to be working.
Yeah. Yeah. As this Ledger,
one might be able to. Sorry,
I need to go back to ledgers, don't I?
Yeah,
it sounded like there might be a separate
thing potentially,
but it could that be part of the manage?